improve backup transfer dialog. (#4476)
deltachat/deltachat-desktop: CHANGELOG.md

  - Prefer to encrypt if E2eeEnabled even if peers have EncryptPreference::NoPreference.
  - Allow empty `To` field for self-sent messages.
  - displayname may not be empty anymore #4471

> - improve backup transfer dialog (different message for connection step, timed message to tell user to checkout troubleshooting, button to link to trouble shooting) #4476

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve backup transfer dialog (different message for connection step, timed message to tell user to check out troubleshooting, button to link to trouble shooting) #4476
```
